Preview:
So far in this documents, I've done a few things. The first was add two snakes, which will be representatives of the United States political parties, or presidential candidates. The second thing is the podiums which they are speaking at. The third is the studio backdrop. For the studio backdrop, I have a seperate image that is just the light on the left, which I am overlaying on top of the podium to properly account for depth. There are a couple of ways I want to expand upon this idea. 

One of them is to add a lot of negative/empty space on the left side of the image, which communicates the lack of proper political representation from the left in United States politics. Another thing I was thinking of adding would be text that the snakes are saying, in which the snake on the left says effectively the same thing as the snake on the right, but using a higher degree of euphemism. For example, the snake on the right might be saying to bomb foreign countries, whereas the snake on the left would say something about spreading democracy. The podiums also look odd right now, so I was thinking of adding some sort of box, maybe draped with a United States flag, to cover the part of the image where the podiums cut off. I could also have the two snakes be physically connected somehow, as two heads of the same snake. I also want to give the left snake a blue tie, and the right snake a red tie, to further solidify their political representations. I was also thinking about adding the border of a television screen to the outside of the image, so as to invite viewers to "see past the production/veneer" of political performativity. Another idea I had was to add a boot above the heads of the snakes, to represent the working class's ability to stomp out this kind of corruption. My final idea was to have some sort of "puppet master" controlling the snakes, maybe an oil baron or some other corrupt wealthy individual, to show how politics in the United States is a game of power played by the wealthy elites. 

Draft:
I am making an explicitely political argument here, though that might not be obvious yet. I plan to add more political signifiers, such as a United States flag on the television screen, and colored neck-ties create a connection between the two snakes on the television and the Democratic and Republican parties. On the note of the political, I knew I wanted to have a television displaying not a fully-produced and edited production, but a studio, offering a "behind-the-scenes" look at the political parties in the United States. The television is intentionally off-balance to the right, representing a hole in political presentation for the Left. I did this by first creating the studio scene, then scaling up (and horizontally flipping) the image of the television, and creating a layer-mask on the television screen to show the studio scene. A result of this process is that the studio scene is appears small in comparison to the rest of the image, but it is still high-resolution. I like this effect, might cause a viewer to squint or zoom-in, but when they take that closer look, things become 'clear'. Using a gradient burn, I added the shadow coming from the left side of the image. This I am using to show the threat that the left has to the status-quo of United States politics, and the inevitable unsustainability and eventual extinction of things as they are. 

My target audience here is primarily individuals who are center/center-left on the political spectrum, hoping to convince them that their politics are really not too far different than the right's politics. A secondary audience could also be those who are on the right side of the political spectrum, where I hope to communicate that their dislike of the United States' "left-leaning" politicians is not unreasonable, while also showing that going further right is not the ideal solution. 

So right now I am trying to find more ways to make my argument explicitely political, and also export the final image with less compression, as there isn't too much detail rendered for the snakes as it stands   